# Welcome

"Walking disaster? Aren't you exagerating?"

There was no response as Gromov absent-mindly raised one his finger. "Incoming message. The base sent two fighters our way. They want to make inspection of the freight ship. As it seems, their base has experienced troubles recently."

"DOZOR?"

"No. It's about the neighborhood. We'll know more later. Now we need to prepare ourselves for the visit. Let's hope our business partners will get unscathed."

"Because of their neigbors?"

"No, because of dealing with us. Can you be a good girl?"

"I told you several times my powers were on the weak side. Nothing much compared to yours."

Saying that, Simone sounded envious. Even though Gromov kept his abilities for himself, she was not stupid.

"Do you think," she continued bitterly, "that I can't sense your presense in the ship? The Synthesis has been proceeding for months. It's like living in someone else's mind. Khamal and Uriah would go crazy if not for my whisperings. I'm dumbing them for a good reason."

Nodding, Gromov asked: "So you were aware of my little experiments? Still, you are mistaken if you believe I'm the only one growing stronger."

"Am I as well?"

Simone did not bother to hide her excitement.

"No doubt about it. It's no joke, though. Your angry outburst felt mindblowing. Quite literally. If you lose self-control, you will harm our visitors."

"I'll be careful, no worries," Simone promised. "But can't I do a few tests with them? I'm sorely missing... How to call them in less offensive way? Human samples?"

"Call them whatever you want," grunted Gromov. He could not decide whether he found Simone's words disturbing or reassuring. "As for your scientific research, make it as inconspicious and safe as possible."

With a boyscout salute, Simone gently purred: "A harmless lovespell will do. The loneliness of my nights pulls panties under my knees."

It was another more than apparent attempt to seduce Gromov, so Gromov felt uncomfortable when he urged her: "Don't forget that no one knows what happens during your..."

"During my...?" she repeated mockingly. "What's the word, my dearest father? Is it the proper time for our father-daughter chitchat? Will you educate me? What about saving our visitors from my desperate clutches?"

The moment she started unbutton her blouse, Gromov reluctantly turned on his heel. "The word was orgasmus. After such a long starvation, I reckon you are about to enjoy earthshaking one. Hopefully, the lovespell of yours won't be a death sentence for the stud in your bed."

After the intermezzo, cornered Gromov realized he failed to explain why he had interruped Simon's whispering with Zhutra.

"As for Khamal," he added, carefully inspecting a convinient wall, situated in front of his nose. "DOZOR doesn't need him served on a golden plate, so let's help their prey become a bit elusive. The more time they spent hunting, the more time in our favor."

"Aren't you taking a pity on him?"

There was a hurt, almost jealous undertone in Simone's voice.

"I'm too old to take a pity on anyone," sighed Gromov. "Our guests will be here in no time. The pilots are all men, so undoubtly, the fair skin behind your blouse will arouse... their interest." 

With that, he left to make necessary preparations in the decompression chamber. The pilots kept communicating with him, making inquiries about cargo as if they were suspicious about his identity.

They were even informed about Gromov's past and asked about his military service, scrutinizing every detail of his story. Especially, the increased number of ship's crew raised their concerns.

"So you saved those people on the way?" asked a young man's voice in radio incredulously. "Just like that? By a mere coincidence?"

"Yes, just like that. You can check them the moment you'll come aboard."

"We are not sure if we ever enter your ship," answer the man. "We have to be careful, Captain Gromov. Given, of course, you are Captain Gromov, and not some imposter. We suspect Captain Gromov to be dead by now."

"So what you intend to do? Shot me with your blasters and rob my cargo? Shanks insisted you were reliable business partners."

"Look, sir, no offence. But understand our position. Mr. Shanks and you informed us there was only one man aboard when you'd been leaving the Advanced Nations."

"Yes, that's correct. I was keeping you updated about all changes that had happened along the way: one black passenger and two survivors of a catastrophe."

"And who else?"

"Who else? You should know about Luciano's android, right?"

"And?"

"Does a ghost woman I've married count?"

After the question, the radio remained silent for several minutes, then the amused voice said: "It had to be a long journey, Captain. I thought Luciano was excentric, but you... What can I say? The ghost woman is all yours. Anyone else?"

"No one."
