The maneuvre of connecting two space ships did not take long. The cooperation with the Paradise Base pilot was pleasant and reminded of professionalism of SF personnal - at least of the better ones as Gromov inwardly admitted. He was reluctant to sing unconditional praises on Space Force soldiers just because he used to be part of them.

Uttering a sentence or two when the situation asked for the mutual coordination, the approaching pilot worked silently. While aligning his fighter with the freight ship, the momentum dragged him too far; he managed to re-aligned it by sensitive adjusting the thrust of side motors - a sign of superb mastery.

After the passage had been established and pressurized, he climbed through the tunnel with vigor of a youngster who would like to show off his physical fitness.

With empty hands stretched along his body, Gromov kept his distance to demonstrate friendly intentions. But the visitor behaved surpringly fearless as if their previous verbal skirmish had never happened.

"Captain Gromov," he blurted as soon as he put down his helmet. "I'm so glad you're alive."

Being treated like an old friend, Gromov asked in bewilderement: "Have we met before?" 

The face of the young pilot was unfamiliar, but Gromov had trouble remembering people.

"Never, sir. But Cecil Shanks sent us photos and videos. We all saw them."

"Photos and videos?"

Having no recollection of providing Cecil Shanks with any of these, Gromov stayed puzzled. But not dwelling on the matter any longer, he casually helped the man out of the spacesuit.

"The name's Peter Hawking. Just call me Hawk. See here."

On the man's neck was a tattoo of a bird of prey, attacking a rabbit. In front of the rabbit's screaming mouth, the artists drew a comic bubble saying: "HELP!!!"

"And I'm the rabbit," murmured Gromov who had never been a fan of tattoos in general. "Welcome aboard, Hawk. Frankly, I was more impressed by your maneuvering. Good job."

"Thank you, sir."

The morose words did not affect Hawk's sunny mood. Flashing a mischivious smile under frackled cheeks, he was a handsome fellow with brown hair and eyes. After having gotten out of the spacesuit, he showed a dark red overall, tightly binding an athletic body with broad shoulders and slim legs.

Compared to people coming from environments with higher gravity, his built appeared taller and narrower, so he somehow ressembled unrealistic fantasy figures. Seeing Hawk's abnormally thin fingers, Gromov proceeded cautiously with the handshake.

"I'm not that fragile, Captain," Hawk smiled and observed his hand disapppearing in the bear-like paw. "Can I have a tour around the ship, sir?"

"Call me Sava."

"Sava? What about I call you Big G instead?" suggested Hawk innocently. "What's your weight, Captain? We seldom see such bulky dudes here."

If not for child-like admiration in the question that reminded of a toddler watching an elephant for the first time, Gromov would take an offense.

"Over one hundred kilos," he muttered. "And I'm not bulky, I'm well-built. And you?"

"Ninety."

Gromov snorted: "Nonsense! We're both talking in different units I presume. But if you insist, I will gladly sell you gold by weight."


Being quick-witted, Hawk did not take long to understand the crux of the problem. A kilogram was a physical unit that made sense in the ancient times when people lived on one planet. Sadly enough, the unit had survived its usefulness, and now every habitat with varying gravities measured weight relatively. 

The confusion caused a great number of catastrophes, but since there was no standardizing force in the Solar System, the situation had not changed since the colonisation.

"No matter what," Gromov continued, "don't call me Big G. My subordinates used to call me Bloodsucker behind my back. Not something I fancy, so Sava is enough."

Then, he leaned forward and whispered: "A piece of advice, though. There's a lady on board. In your eyes, given the planet she is from, she may appear a bit unusual. But under no circumstances, don't ask her the question from before. Inquiries about her weight, dimensions, or the usage of words like bulky, robust, sturdy may have you killed."

Hawnk only waved it off. "This is common sense, Sava. I won't be commenting on that fat lady. I'm a charming fellow. She'll love me."

Gromov's mouth twitched. "Follow me, then. I'll introduce you to Simone. But if she erases your brain, I hope your colleague won't hold me responsible."

As it turned out, Hawk was familiar with Luciano's ship and needed no guidance. With the air of fine art conneisaur, he walked along Luciano's paintings, greeting them with enthusiam that Gromov could not share.

From Hawk's speech, Gromov understood that the whole Paradise Base was Luciano's fan and that dying soldiers, trumpled in the mood and blood, were often portraits of the Paradise Base's locals. Having no shame, Luciano took orders for tailored erotic oils on which the customer enjoyed very intimated contacts with angels of various sizes and shapes.

"Thanks to Luciano, we renamed our base to Paradise. Can you guess why, Sava?"

Since this one did not require a higher intellectual involvement, Gromov heaved a sigh: "Because you are men who bang angels. Am I right?"

"Exactly."
