After he bid farewell to infuriated Simone, Gromov returned to his cabin to calm down. His dramatic departure felt like an act, written by a mediocre playwright.

"You killed me," he informed the impartial table. "And now I' m brokenhearted. Samara! Samara! My fiendish lover! Where are you, wife? I miss you!"

There was no response. Even Doll, forgotten on the charging pad, did not raise her blond head. She stood there, madonna of Luciano's art sessions, depicted in plethora of positions (the paintings on the wall with leifmotif of heroism and nudity belonged to very restrained department of Luciano's sexual fantasies), and strangely enough, she preffered staying quiet. 

Usually, she would chime in with unsoliticed advertisement like "Frustrated, Captain Gromov? What about to forget your stress with Elenoar, an Elven archer? Not only her slender figure let you remember the wonderful days in the Middle Earth, but her virginity is there for you to take. Become an Orc on his plundering conquest. Hear fair maidens sing serene Elven sagas when mourning for their fall. Visit SEXYSEXYLADIES and apply for your Dark Inviders Campaign."

Now, the advertisement channel disappeared as if the armageddon had finally come. Gromov found it unnerving. Doll's promotions were annoying and could not be removed. According to the contract, Luciano bought a discounted model with mandatory advertisements played every three hours. Still, unsolicited or not, they had become part of the lonely daily routine.

The moment Gromov entered the cabin, Doll's proximity or noise sensors should have been triggered. Yet nothing happened.

"Doll! Doll! Doll!"

Slowly and reluctantly, the android opened the large blue eyes and performed a welcoming gesture in jerky manner that ressembled a winter statue, breaking out of frozen layers.

"Under-going up-date. Please, wait."

"Update? What update?"

No one sane would allow to jam the precious and sluggishly slow ship bandwith for a to get new commercials from SEXYSEXYLADIES, no matter how desperately one craved for them.

"You are not downloading any data, aren't you?"

"No, Captain Gromov. This is an special, not-planned update, received for an internal source."

With ominious foreboding, Gromov asked: "What source?"

"A trusted internal source. Would you like to check its signature?"

"Sure. Send it to my screen."

He had no hopes when he glanced over terminal screen. Except for a standard, uncomprehensible mess of brackets, dates, and hexadecimal codes, he found only one telling line:

The authorized source: S. Gromov

"Doll, I have no recollection of becoming a programmer. Don't tell me that Uriah guessed my password?"

Even though not in shape to profit out of it, Uriah attempted several times to override Doll's settings and order the android to dance a striptease show, the only function he still could enjoy.

"No, Captain Gromov. Mr. Uriah Uriah does not have any access to the system. Since the time you threatened Mr. Uriah Uriah with crippling his hands, he has not tried to violate my protocols. Allow me to remind this you this sort of foreplay is illegal even with the consent of harmed party."

"It was just a figure of speech," grunted Gromov. "When has the update begun?"

"Before one hour."

"Is it only what has been getting updated?"

"No, Captain Gromov. The whole ship system is being rewritten. It is authorized by the user S. Gromov."

"I haven't authorized anything."

"Correct. Your personal account name is Sava Gromov. The user S. Gromov authorized the process three hours ago."

"So there are two accounts under my name?"

"Correct. Both have the highest level of rights."

"When the second account has been created?"

"Forthy eight hours and thirty minutes ago."

"Thank you, Doll. I presume there is no way to stop those updates, isn't it?"

From his side, it was just rhetorical question. Under normal situation, no space ship would undertake changes in their software on the fly; and if so, the update would be only partial following very strict procedures. But now, something started a huge overhaul, neglecting all safety concers. Interrupting it in the middle would likely required restart of the ship, thus, nothing he or his passangers could survive.









