# _

SIMONE'S DIARY

'Hyenus kept inquiring about Him. Reevaluating my opinion a bit. He instantly discerns the contradicting claims in the Brown's narrative. What a nitty-picking bastard! I really must act accordingly. Got to used to alternative mentals from the University of Enlightened Idiocy. Forgot there are still people who can understand and analyze facts. The conversation with a normal thinking human being is so refreshing. But dangerous! Treading on the thin ice everywhere.

Fortunately, he was stricken by another fit before he could dig any deeper. Before he collapsed, he said he was seeing ghosts. Clearly a man who should've never obtained the piloting license.

Did my best to keep him alive. Several moments I doubted he could make it. For five long minutes, he stopped breathing and had no pulse. Panic! Without him the ship is useless. It would be great but I cannot exclude the possibility the ship has tracking emitter. Better sticking to the plan and become Hyenus' lover.

I was so relieved to see him coming back that I almost fail to play dumb Simone. So I started to hit him hard to get him distracted. It worked. My first aid displeased him. No wonder!

Quite a persisting fellow, anyway. Cannot catch with his thinking process. Suddenly, Hyenus lost all interest in Him, and instead brought the topic of microbiological infection, inquiring about signs found in the base. I must have stayed careful. Hyenus knows about how these cases are handled; he said he had participated in one of the "nuclear" disinfections.

Can't stand how matter-of-factly he can speak of thousand lives evaporating at once. Compared to him and SF, my personal record, undoubtedly appalling, seems almost innocent. The conversation was so disturbing that I lost my nerves calling Him a saint. Thankfully, Hyenus did not care anymore, disgusted by our amateurish exploration.

The same day later
The real drama came afterwards. When Dwarfus learned about the pictograms, he had an epiphany. "This is bad! This is bad! This can lead to terrible misunderstanding! If he reports it, we may be in trouble!"

I asked if the word trouble word is not an understatement if talking of nuclear explosion. Just the notion put Dwarfus into denial. "Nonsense! Nonsense! But we have to sooth captain's consciousness! Perhaps we should adjust our records. Get rid of all misleading evidence."

So we spent couple of hours deleting all incriminated photos and videos. Fine with me. The less stays behind, the better. Personally, I doubt Hyenus is such a good boy scout to bring himself into disaster, especially if he is aware of consequences. The moment he took us aboard, he became involved.

Anyway, Dwarfus is scared of Hyenus, so the dubious pleasure to confront Hyenus with "adjusted" proofs is mine. In few minutes I am off to see the sick bastard. Not that I want to. The seduction has to wait until the situation settles down.'

...

After he finished with the diary, Gromov looked at Doll. "So Simone thinks I'm an epileptic?"

"Impudent conclusion, my dearest father. Should I take care of the nasty insect? Her very existence is repulsive."

"Not yet. We have one spare cabin if I remember correctly. Let's make her life more comfortable. After all, to share a room with Professor Zhutra may be too demanding for any rational being."

"I see. No one will hear her scream there."

"Not exactly. Would you accompany me? I'd like to give her back the tablet."

"With pleasure, my dearest father."

Since Gromov could not consider Simone a harmless passenger, having Doll by his side was reassuring. Even though the extent of Simone's training remained unclear, Gromov had no doubt that the android would manage to deal with that woman.

After knocking on the door, Zhutra opened the door and eyed him cautiously.

Gromov smiled in a very friendly manner.

"Don't worry, Khamal. You were absolutely right. I found no problem with the records. With your undeniable professionalism and integrity, no one could ever dream of accusing you from any misconduct. My fear of viral infection was absolutely baseless."

Nodding slightly, Zhutra took the words at face value, not commenting the lingering irony.

"Naturally, Sava. Simone insisted on proving you as much, but I knew it was some kind of misunderstanding. By the way, how do you feel, my friend? Simone..."

Khamal hesitated.

"Oh that! A regular fit of epilepsy. Space Forces thought I'm no more able to fly with fighters, so I had to quit. A funny thing is they did not revoke my pilot license, don't you think, Khamal?"

Zhutra had no idea how to respond, but Simone's lips twitched.

"No need to respond, Khamal. I'm not bitter or anything. Simone, the tablet you've borrowed me broadened my horizons. You're most likely cursing me for letting you stay in one cabin with Khamal."

Simone stepped back.

"I'm fine."

"No, you aren't!" Gromov showed his wide predatory smile. "Rejoice! It's time to find you more proper accommodation. By some weird coincidence, the cabin is next to mine, so we can continue our educational debate anytime we want. You have five minutes to pack up your stuff..."

When Simone did not take any action, Doll moved forward: "Four minutes and fifty nine seconds. Please, do hurry up!"

Only then the woman resigned and started frantically throwing her clothes into the suitcase.

"Sava, why does Simone need to change the room?"

Zhutra's question revealed traits of fear and timid bravery.

"Comfort, Khamal. And convenience. What if one of us found your tiny buttocks irresistible, so he would remove unwanted distraction out of the way? Do you prefer to pack up instead of Simone, my friend? I really do not mind."

"Enough!" shrieked Simone. "Enough! I'm going! I'll be OK, Khamal. I asked Sava to give me the spare room."

"Did you?"

"She did," confirmed Gromov. "Mostly indirectly, of course, but all men can take the hint. Aren't you with me, sweetheart?"

"Absolutely!"

Stone-faced, Simone pushed her lips to make an unnatural smile, then she took her belongings, and to Doll's dismay, kissed Gromov when she was passing by.

Admiring her presence of mind, Gromov winked at flabbergasted Zhutra and whispered: "Performed perfectly! Looking forward to the new entry in your fascinating diary, Actries Simonies."

"You..."

Simone moved forward as if running away.

"Why to rush, darling? Doll, be so kind and give our friend a hand. What if serial murderers were lurking in the corridors?"

In Doll's iron grip, Simone was left with no other chance than to proceed obediently. Before they departed, Gromov winked once again at petrified Zhutra: "Khamal, my dearest friend.  
